feat: add importing from legacy guide (#39)
standardnotes/docs: docs/self-hosting/getting-started.md

If you'd like to learn more about each of the particular services, head over to [Infrastructure Overview](./infrastructure-overview.md).

> > **Note** Our setup also provides a running MySQL database and a Redis cache node. You do not have to provision these services on your own. For users that have been with us for years we've prepared a [migrating from legacy guide](./legacy-migration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** Our setup also provides a running MySQL database and a Redis cache node. You do not have to provision these services on your own. For users that have been self-hosting a legacy version of our server, we've prepared a [Migrating from Legacy guide](./legacy-migration.md).
```
